=Overview=
This plugin connects classpaths listed in Eclipse's Java Development Tools (JDT) Build Path to PyDev paths.  
That is to say that things listed as Source, Libraries (no variable support yet though), and Projects will be placed into the PYTHONPATH before
your run code.  This is particularly useful when using Jython with Java libraries (should even work with m2e)

It currently provides a user interface such that users may select which paths they'd like.
It's automatically enabled on projects with both PyDev and JDT natures.

We use the "[http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=1988084&group_id=85796&atid=577329 New pythonpath contribution extension point]" 
to modify the Python Paths in addition to inspecting IClasspathEntries in the project.

=Known Issues=
* No way of seeing the generated path.
* No support for CPE_VARIABLE entries
* Limited testing
** very few unittests
* No good way of running Python/Jython inside the JDT output directory.

=License=
<pre>
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
</pre>
